[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road,
a graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict
and find themselves in
the midst of an all-out war.
[BROOK] Now. It's time
to set off the fireworks!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
Cut! Sorry, party's over.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping
Quinto Tierce. Fantasia!
--[slashing]
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
[ROBIN]
Mil Fleurs.
Gigantesco Mano.
And Stomp!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[FRANKY]
Soldier Dock System! Channel 4!
[enginge revving
[FRANKY]
Heh!
It's F. R. U-Four!
Just leave it to me, boys!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T yelps]
[FRANKY]
Hah!
The new number! Channel Five!
Brachio-Tank Five is here!
[CHOPPER squeals]
Rise! My Kraken!
[SURUME growls]
You have ten targets.
Kill the humans!
Go! Crush them!
You heard me!
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
[LUFFY]
Oh, hey, Surume!
[SURUME gasps]
Don't tell me you can't
see me down here!
It's Luffy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE U screams]
The Kraken has betrayed us!
Listen up, Surume!
I want you to stay here and
protect Weepyhoshi for me.
[SURUME grunts]
Um...
Thank you very much for lending
us your power, Surume!
[gasping]
[HORDY growls]
[LUFFY] "Iron Pirate!
Here Comes General Franky!"
[DARUMA growls]
[DARUMA]
They've got a lotta nerve.
But hey, so do I!
Kya-kya!
[ZEO laughs]
[HYOUZOU snores]
Huh...? Hey,
where the hell am I?
Hic!
[ZEO] Conch-corde Plaza.
Have you forgotten already?
[HYOUZOU]
Hmm...?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[HYOUZOU]
Hic!
[chuckles]
Well, if their swordsmen
are that good,
this oughta be interesting, eh?
[HYOUZOU]
Everyone, outta my way!
[slashing]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE Q]
No! We're on your side! Stop!
[CHOPPER]
Hmm-hmm!
--[screaming]
--Run away!
Hurry!
Come on. Really?
I was having fun,
but now they're all
too chicken to fight!
[CHOPPER]
Well, I don't blame 'em.
I am pretty awesome.
Might as well
knock out their officers
while they're gone, right?
Whoo! Onward!
[DARUMA growls]
I can see the ugly
red one at 12 o'clock!
Take aim!
Roger! Preparing to fire!
[DARUMA grunts]
[USOPP]
Huh? Where did he go?
Cookie Cutter!
[laughs]
Kya-kya-kya!
[CHOPPER]
He's over there! Fire!
[USOPP]
Gotcha this time!
D'oh! Not again!
[CHOPPER]
He's right over there! Get him!
[USOPP]
Ugh, are you kidding me?
[CHOPPER]
Now he's back there!
I can't hit him! That little
creep is way too quick!
Hey, come in, Commander Chopper!
I'm guessing it's not supposed
to be shaking like that, right?
What's up?
[yelping]
A sinkhole!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES laughing]
Kya-kya-kya-ha!
It serves ya right!
I call that one the Daruma Drop!
[laughter]
Ow...
Kya-kya!
While you morons were
shooting at nothing,
I dug a whole maze of
tunnels under this place!
[FRANKY]
Huh?! Hey! Where'd you go?
Usopp! Chopper!
Perfect!
Now all I have to do is trick
their biker buddy into--
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[FRANKY gasps]
What the hell?!
Who put a sink hole here?
[DARUMA]
What?! How stupid are you?!
[NAMI]
That hurt...
Yeah, you're tellin' me!
That was a pretty big drop!
[FRANKY] You just made
a super mistake, short stuff!
Everybody off the tank! Get!
--[NAMI, PAPPAGU, USOPP yell]
--[CHOPPER] What did I do?!
Kya-kya-kya!
Not getting along?
Jeez, Franky, why did you
throw us out like that?!
Have some respect
for your commander, pal!
Sorry, but the next form
has only got one seat!
Let's get freaky!
--Huh?
--You're freaky enough already!
[FRANKY]
Black Rhino FR-U 4!
Stand by!
[BOTH]
Ooh. Super freaky!
Hold your applause!
Brachio-Tank Five!
[FRANKY]
Head change!
Brachio-Tank Five!
Black Rhino FR-U 4!
Docking phase!
[BOTH]
Whoa. So fancy!
Meet the Iron Pirate...
[FRANKY]
...General Franky!
[BOTH]
Cool!
[ALL]
This is crazy!
[LUFFY]
No way!
[USOPP, CHOPPER] We really
get a giant fighting robot?!
This is a dream come true!
[laughter]
[FRANKY] I still haven't met
the mad genius Vegapunk.
[FRANKY] But I finally
made his dream come true.
Even if it did take a whole
two years of trial and error!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[FRANKY] By manipulating
the shape-memory alloy
known as Wapometal...
[FRANKY]
...I built a big-ass robot!
Come on, men,
it's just a bucket of bolts!
[yelling]
[FRANKY growls]
[screaming]
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Whoa! Look at him go!
Oh, I'm just
getting started, bro!
This baby's called
the "plunderer's sword"!
[FRANKY]
Franken!
[BOTH]
There's a sword, too?
[FRANKY]
General...
...Watch-Your-Step!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE D]
He's swinging low!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE E]
Cheap, but smart!
[FRANKY] You wimps can jump
up and down all you want,
but I'll blast you
straight outta the sky!
[screaming]
Sweet! I want shoulder cannons!
Franky Cannon!
[laughs]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
Not what I was expecting!
But hey.
[CHOPPER]
Hey!
--It's still cool though!
--[CHOPPER laughs] Super cool!
--[CHOPPER] I love this thing!
--[USOPP] Woo-hoo!
--[CHOPPER] Woo-hoo!
--[USOPP] Ha-ha!
--[CHOPPER] Yeah-ha!
--[USOPP] Hoo-hoo-hoo!
--[CHOPPER laughs]
--[USOPP] Ahh...
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
Damn this guy. What now?
[FRANKY] Hah! Don't worry--
there's plenty more
where that came from!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H]
Stay away!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Yeah, show us more!
[FRANKY]
General... Weight!
[screaming]
[BOTH yell]
--That's right, Franky!
--You're the best general ever!
--Show 'em who's boss!
Looks lame to me.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE I]
Hey.
You must be one of
the weaker ones, huh?
[gasps]
[NAMI]
Who says I'm weak?!
I just like it when other
people do all the work!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE I growls]
[NAMI]
Sorcery Clima Takt!
This one is gonna blow you away.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE I]
Huh...?
Time for the Gust Sword!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE I grunts]
[gasping]
I learned that back
in Weatheria.
That's hardcore meteorology.
Now who's weak?
[USOPP] Uh? Wait a sec.
Where's Chopper?
Come on, let's get
that guy over there!
[USOPP]
Aw, man!
Guess I'm officially
off the tank now.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
Guess I've
gotta fight by myself.
You don't scare me!
I'm not some little weenie
like I was before!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[USOPP]
Special Attack, Green Star!
[screaming]
[USOPP]
Bamboo Javelin!
[screaming]
Ha-ha! I hope
you're proud, Master!
[USOPP] I'll never forget those
two crazy years I spent
training with you in
the Swindling Forest!
This is the
next chapter of life!
The Legend of
the Great Hero Usopp
is beginning right here and now!
[DARUMA]
Kya-kya-kya!
I'm gonna dig sink holes
all over this plaza!
It doesn't matter how powerful
that ridiculous robot is,
if he drives it into a hole,
--then it's all over!
--[crunching]
Huh? Ah-- What's that noise?
That can't be right...
Sounds like someone
else is here.
[DARUMA]
Huh?
Uh...?
[DARUMA]
Ah!
[DARUMA screams]
[gasping]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R] He shot
straight out of the ground!
[DARUMA growls]
Who are you?
[CHOPPER]
Look close!
[gasping]
I can dig holes, too!
My Horn Point really
came in handy, huh?
That's cool!
[DARUMA]
Huh?
Wow!
You could turn into a big, hairy
bug, and you never told me?
Oh, that is so rude!
You should know.
I spent the last two years
working on all seven
of my transformation points!
Now, I'm so good that
I only need the Rumble Ball
for one of them.
So I can use all my other
forms whenever I want to!
You coral-head pain in the ass!
Kya! I'm so gonna bite you!
[CHOPPER] They're
not coral, they're horns!
Like a monster!
And you are about to see
what this monster can do!
Rahh!
[FISHMEN murmuring]
[FISHMAN A]
Those Straw Hats are crazy!
Looks like they're having
a blast out there!
If I had powers like that,
I'd wanna let loose
on those jerks, too!
[panting]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K groans]
[ZEO]
How many have we killed?
Not a single one. Ah...
[IKAROS growls]
[DOSUN growls]
[ZEO]
Hmph.
[HORDY growls]
[SURUME grunts]
My Kraken!
I don't know what you did
to gain Straw Hat's trust,
but that doesn't matter.
You might salvage this yet.
You've got the princess
where I want her.
Now, squeeze the
life out of her, will you?
[SURUME grunts]
Did you perhaps forget
your brother at the North Pole?
[SURUME gasps]
[HORDY] I know exactly
where he is right now.
My men and I can go there and
slaughter him anytime we please.
I wouldn't mind
killing you or your family.
The corpses of mythical
beasts are quite valuable.
[SURUME growls]
But that won't be a problem,
because you're on my side right?
It's your choice.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE L grunting]
[JIMBEI]
What?
So the Kraken agreed to do
Hordy's bidding to ensure
the safety of his brother?
This is your last chance.
I said squeeze that
mermaid to death now!
[SURUME groans]
Huh?
Uh, please, Surume!
Stop it! You're hurting me!
[screams]
[SURUME growls softly]
[SHIRAHOSHI groaning, gasping]
[grunts, yells]
[SURUME growls]
Surume!
[SURUME grunts]
[LUFFY] You wanted to
save your brother's life,
so you did whatever
this jerk told you?
[SURUME growls]
[LUFFY]
I know what that's like.
So, is he your big brother,
or your little brother?
[SURUME]
Huh...?
If you need someone
to save him, then count on me!
[SURUME gasps]
[LUFFY]
Just ask next time!
After all...
...we're friends, right?
[SURUME groans]
[SURUME whimpers]
[gasps]
Oh, thank you, Surume!
[HORDY]
Tch!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES growling]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE M]
He's coming this way.
Let's get him!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Yeah!
You're no match for our leader!
Leave this one to me-hii!
Straw Hat!
We won't let you get one step
closer to our captain!
[BOTH yell]
Back off.
You go through me first.
[DOSUN growls]
[IKAROS grunts]
We have to stop Straw Hat!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
All right, Second Gear.
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
--Hey. Where'd he go?
[HORDY]
What the--?
[gasps]
That's enough!
I'm done with you!
[FISHMEN cheering]
Awesome!
I didn't even see him move!
That was crazy!
[FISHMEN cheering]
[gasps]
[cheering continues]
[FISHMAN D]
What the hell...?
[FISHMEN murmuring]
[gasping]
[NEPTUNE gasps]
It can't be!
[NEPTUNE]
That's...
...the Ship of Promise!
[NEPTUNE]
Noah!
[NARRATOR] As the battle
between Luffy and Hordy
rages on, a foreboding shadow
is cast upon Conchorde Plaza.
The citizens stare on in terror
as the great ship Noah
hurtles towards the island.
Shirahoshi stands in its way to
portect her people,
but even the massive mermaid
is dwarfed by the size
of the giant vessel.
[LUFFY]
On the Next One Piece!
"The Noah Closing In!
The Fishman Island
Facing Destruction!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!